[docs] add troubleshooting section to sentry guide (#20627)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/using-sentry.mdx

Unless `enableInExpoDevelopment: true` is set, all your dev/local errors will be ignored and only app releases will report errors to Sentry. You can call methods like `Sentry.Native.captureException(new Error('Oops!'))` but these methods will be no-op.

## Troubleshooting

> <Collapsible summary="I'm seeing `error: project not found` in my build logs">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Collapsible summary={<>I'm seeing <CODE>error: project not found</CODE> in my build logs</>}>
```

Correction for the collapsible title formatting, you might also need to add import for `CODE` element, if it is not present.

Author: Ah great, I didn't know you could use it like that. Thanks! Updated.

> This error is caused by the script that tries to upload sourcemaps during build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error is caused by the script that tries to upload source maps during build.
```

Naming nit.

Author: The other 17 occurences on this page use 'sourcemaps', so I went with consistency. If 'source maps' is better, I can update all of them.

Reviewer: I believe that `source map` is a correct name, so it would be nice if you can correct that. See:
* https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/javascript/sourcemaps/
* https://developer.chrome.com/blog/sourcemaps/
* https://firefox-source-docs.mozilla.org/devtools-user/debugger/how_to/use_a_source_map/index.html

Author: Yes, you are right, which is why I've already updated them :)
